Update doc API for module, Filepath (#22566)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: stdlib/filepath/src/main/ballerina/src/filepath/Module.md

> This module provides the utility functions for manipulating the file path in a way that is compatible with 
> the target operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides a platform-independent API for working with file paths.
```

For information on the operations, which you can perform with this module, see the below **Functions**.

> * [File Path Examples](https://ballerina.io/v1-2/learn/by-example/filepath.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For an example on the usage of the operations, see the [File Path Example](https://ballerina.io/v1-2/learn/by-example/filepath.html).
```
